Add transport gRPC to port information (#2587)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.21/installation/install-sensu.md

Port | Protocol | Description |
---- | -------- | ----------- |

> 2379 | HTTP/HTTPS (transport gRPC) | Sensu storage client: Required for Sensu backends using an external etcd instance |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2379 | gRPC | Sensu storage client: Required for Sensu backends using an external etcd instance |
```

> 2380 | HTTP/HTTPS | Sensu storage peer: Required for other Sensu backends in a [cluster][22] |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2380 | gRPC | Sensu storage peer: Required for other Sensu backends in a [cluster][22] |
```
